[[frontend-configuration]]
SWAMP Web Application Frontend Configuration
---------------------------------------------

The file `/var/www/html/config/config.json` contains various parameter names
and values that are used to configure the SWAMP web application's frontend.
You must have `root` access to modify this file.

[NOTE]
The contents of `config.json` must be a valid JSON object; the collection of
values for the parameters described below are stored as nested JSON objects.
<<config-json-examples>> can be found at the end of this section.

The remainder of this section describes the parameters.


Contact Information
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These parameters affect the display of information on the Contact Us and
Report Security Incident pages. If this collection of parameters is not
defined, as is the case when SWAMP-in-a-Box is initially installed, the link
to the Contact page in the SWAMP web application's main menu is hidden.


Support
^^^^^^^

These parameters affect the display of information on the Contact Us page.

`contact.support.description`::

The description of the person or team receiving messages displayed for
Contact Us messages.

`contact.support.email`::

The email address displayed for Contact Us messages. This should have the
same value as the the `MAIL_CONTACT_ADDRESS` parameter in the
<<backend-mail-settings,backend configuration file>>.

`contact.support.message`::

Additional text displayed for Contact Us messages.

`contact.support.phoneNumber`::

The phone number displayed for Contact Us messages.


Security
^^^^^^^^

These parameters affect the display of information on the Report Security
Incident page. If the `support` section is defined but the `security`
section is not, the SWAMP web application does not provide a link from the
Contact Us page to the Report Security Incident page.

`contact.security.description`::

The description of the person or team receiving messages displayed for
Report Security Incident messages.

`contact.security.email`::

The email address displayed for Report Security Incident messages. This
should have the same value as the `MAIL_SECURITY_ADDRESS` parameter in the
<<backend-mail-settings,backend configuration file>>.

`contact.security.message`::

Additional text displayed for Report Security Incident messages.

`contact.security.phoneNumber`::

The phone number displayed for Report Security Incident messages.


Cookies
~~~~~~~

These parameters affect the SWAMP layout cookie, which is used to persist
the state of various layout elements: the position of the navigation bar,
the state of the Show Numbering flag, the state of the Auto Refresh flag,
the state of the Show Grouping flag, and the last Authorization Provider
used to sign-in via CI Logon.

`cookie.domain`::

The name of the domain for the SWAMP layout cookie. Set this to "null" to
use the same domain name as in the `APP_URL` parameter in the
<<backend-web-app,backend configuration file>>. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer
sets this to "null".

`cookie.expires`::

Determines the expiration date for the SWAMP layout cookie, in days, from 
the time each is issued. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to "7".

`cookie.name`::

The name given to the SWAMP layout cookie. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets
this to "swamp".

`cookie.path`::

The path for SWAMP layout cookie. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to
"/".

`cookie.secure`::

Whether the SWAMP layout cookie is sent only for encrypted connections. The
SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to "true".


Welcome Message
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These parameters provide a message that is displayed in a pop-up when users 
access the SWAMP-in-a-Box home page (not signed in). You can use it to 
display a Welcome message or information about the status of your system. 
When these parameters are not present, no message is displayed.

`notifications.welcome.message`::

The content of the message, which is displayed in a pop-up.

`notifications.welcome.title`::

The text displayed in the titlebar of the message pop-up.


Other Configurable Behaviors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`options.assessments.allow_multiple_tool_selection`::

Whether the "All" option is present when selecting tools on the Add/Run New
Assessments page. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to "true".

`options.assessments.allow_viewing_zero_weaknesses`::

Whether assessment results with zero weaknesses can be selected and sent to
the Code Dx results viewer. The SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this to
"true".


Web Services
~~~~~~~~~~~~

`servers.web`::

The path used to access the SWAMP web application's routes. The
SWAMP-in-a-Box installer sets this based on the hostname specified during
the install process (usually, the host's detected hostname). For
SWAMP-in-a-Box this is set to the relative path from the SWAMP-in-a-Box URL
to the API location "/swamp-web-server/public".  

+
When the hostname changes, use the `/opt/swamp/bin/swamp_set_web_host`
utility script to update this parameter, because that script will update not
only this parameter but also all other configuration locations where the
hostname is referenced.


[[config-json-examples]]
Examples
~~~~~~~~

[example]
.Without the `contact` or `notifications` Sections
====
----
{
  "cookie": {
    "domain": null,
    "name": "swamp",
    "path": "/",
    "secure": true
  },

  "options": {
    "assessments": {
      "allow_multiple_tool_selection": true,
      "allow_viewing_zero_weaknesses": true
    }
  },
  
  "servers": {
    "web" : "/swamp-web-server/public"
  }
}
----
====


[example]
.With the `contact` and `notifications` Sections
====
Parameters (lines) below whose sample value include "(optional)" may be
omitted.

----
{
  "contact": {
    "support": {
      "description": "Support staff",
      "email": "<Support email address (optional)>",
      "message": "Feel free to contact us with questions.",
      "phoneNumber": "<Support phone number (optional)>"
    },
    "security": {
      "description": "Security team",
      "email": "<Security email address (optional)>",
      "message": "<Security message here (optional)>",
      "phoneNumber": "<Security phone number (optional)>"
    }
  },
  
  "cookie": {
    "domain": null,
    "name": "swamp",
    "path": "/",
    "secure": true
  },

  "options": {
    "assessments": {
      "allow_multiple_tool_selection": true,
      "allow_viewing_zero_weaknesses": true
    }
  },
  
  "notifications": {
    "welcome": {
      "title": "Message Title",
      "message": "Your message here!"
    }
  }
}
  
  
  "servers": {
    "web" : "/swamp-web-server/public"
  }
}
----
====
