Configuring Outgoing Email for SWAMP-in-a-Box
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Enabling outgoing email allows the SWAMP to send email notifications to
users. The following functionality is enabled when outgoing email is
enabled:

* New user accounts are "pending" until email address is verified.

* Users can edit email addresses. Changes take place once verified.

* User email addresses are displayed throughout the user interface.

* Users can request a password reset through an email link.

* Users can request an email indicating the username associated with
  an email address.

* Permission requests, project invitations, and SWAMP admin
  invitations are handled through email notifications in addition to the
  notification system in the SWAMP UI.

* Users can opt to receive an email on completion of an assessment.

* SWAMP Administrators can configure Restricted Domains for email
  addresses.

* SWAMP Administrators can send system emails to one or more SWAMP users.

* SWAMP Administrators can flag users to force a password reset the next
  time they sign in.

* SWAMP Administrators can flag inactive users as hibernated. This forces
  a password reset the next time the user signs in.

* Contact Us and Report Security Incident pages (if enabled) may
  include a means to submit a message directly through the web interface.

* Emails are sent to notify users of events such as removal from project
  membership and disabling and re-enabling of projects and user accounts.


==== Before You Begin ====

* You need `root` access to the SWAMP-in-a-Box host.

* You need an SMTP server that you are authorized to relay mail through.


==== Modify `/etc/postfix/main.cf` to Use Your SMTP Server ====

* Set the `relayhost` attribute to your SMTP server.

* Restart the postfix service by running the following command as `root` (or
  using `sudo`):

+
----
service postfix restart
----


==== Modify `/var/www/swamp-web-server/.env` to Enable Outgoing SWAMP Email ====

[NOTE]
Any values that include spaces must be enclosed in double-quotes. Any values
that do _not_ include spaces must _not_ be enclosed in double-quotes.

* Set `MAIL_ENABLED` to "true".

* Set `MAIL_DRIVER` to "sendmail".

* Set the `MAIL_FROM_ADDRESS` and `MAIL_FROM_NAME` to the email address and
  name you want to use as the sender of outgoing SWAMP emails.


==== Enable "Contact Us" for SWAMP-in-a-Box ====

Enabling "Contact Us" creates a Contact link in the SWAMP menu bar. This
link provides access to the "Contact Us" page, which displays general
contact information. If email is enabled, this page can also be configured
to provide a form for users to submit a contact/support message.

Step 1: Modify `/var/www/html/config/config.json` to enable the "Contact Us"
page and set display parameters.

* Add a `contact` array containing a `support` array.

* Add `email`, `phoneNumber`, `description`, and `message`, values to the
  `support` array.

Note:

* The `config.json` file defines parameters within JSON arrays. Therefore,
  it is important to maintain the array format when editing, adding, or
  removing parameters in this file.

Sample:

----
  "contact": {
    "support": {
      "description": "Support staff",
      "email": "<Support email address (optional)>",
      "message": "Feel free to contact us with questions.",
      "phoneNumber": "<Support phone number (optional)>"
    }
  },
----

Step 2: Optionally modify `/var/www/swamp-web-server/.env` to enable a web
form and to configure contact message recipients. This is only applicable
when outgoing email is enabled.

[NOTE]
Any values that include spaces must be enclosed in double-quotes. Any values
that do _not_ include spaces must _not_ be enclosed in double-quotes.

* Set `APP_CONTACT_FORM` to "true"

* Set `MAIL_CONTACT_ADDRESS` to the email address of the recipient of
  "Contact Us" messages.

* Set `MAIL_CONTACT_NAME` to the name of the recipient of "Contact Us"
  messages.


==== Enable "Report Security Incident" for SWAMP-in-a-Box ====

Enabling "Report Security Incident" creates a Security link on the SWAMP
Contact Us page. This link provides access to the "Report Security Incident"
page, which displays information about reporting a security incident. If 
email is enabled, this page can also be configured to provide a form for 
users to submit a security incident report.

You must have already enabled the "Contact Us" page (see above).

Step 1: Modify `/var/www/html/config/config.json` to enable the "Report
Security Incident" page and set display parameters.

* Add a `security` array to the `contact` array (see sample).

* Add `email`, `phoneNumber`, `description`, and `message`, values to the
  "security" array (see sample).

Note:

* The `config.json` file defines parameters within JSON arrays. Therefore,
  it is important to maintain the array format when editing, adding, or
  removing parameters in this file.

Sample:

----
  "contact": {
    "support": {
      "description": "Support staff",
      "email": "<Support email address (optional)>",
      "message": "Feel free to contact us with questions.",
      "phoneNumber": "<Support phone number (optional)>"
    },
    "security": {
      "description": "Security team",
      "email": "<Security email address (optional)>",
      "message": "<Security message here (optional)>",
      "phoneNumber": "<Security phone number (optional)>"
    }
  },
----

Step 2: Optionally modify `/var/www/swamp-web-server/.env` to enable a web
form and to configure security incident message recipients. This is only
applicable when outgoing email is enabled.

[NOTE]
Any values that include spaces must be enclosed in double-quotes. Any values
that do _not_ include spaces must _not_ be enclosed in double-quotes.

* Set `APP_CONTACT_FORM` to "true"

* Set `MAIL_SECURITY_ADDRESS` to the email address of the recipient of
  "Report Security Incident" messages.

* Set `MAIL_SECURITY_NAME` to the name of the recipient of "Report Security
  Incident" messages.
