[[installing-dependencies]]
[appendix]
Installing Dependencies
-----------------------

The software packages that SWAMP-in-a-Box depends on include:

  * <<dependencies-docker>> (optional),
  * <<dependencies-php>>, and
  * <<dependencies-other,other assorted utilities>>.

With the exception of Docker, all of these dependencies must be installed in
order for SWAMP-in-a-Box to function correctly. If you run into issues
installing these dependencies, refer to the
<<troubleshooting-installing-dependencies,troubleshooting section>> at the
end of this appendix for possible solutions.

[NOTE]
In the sections below, `<installer-dir>` refers to the directory containing
the SWAMP-in-a-Box installer. Refer back to the section on
<<installing-sib,installing and upgrading SWAMP-in-a-Box>> for instructions
on obtaining and extracting the installer.


[[dependencies-docker]]
=== Docker ===

The set-up scripts for SWAMP-in-a-Box configure and download Docker Engine
from Docker's official repositories, generally following the instructions at
https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/centos/. The specific packages
installed are:

  * `yum-utils`,
  * `device-mapper-persistent-data`,
  * `lvm2`,
  * `docker-ce`,
  * `docker-ce-cli`,
  * `containerd.io`,

and their dependencies.

The following script will install Docker using the process described above:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-docker-ce.bash
----


[[dependencies-php]]
=== PHP 7.2 ===

The set-up scripts for SWAMP-in-a-Box configure and download PHP from Remi's
RPM Repository, using the instructions produced by the "configuration
wizard" at http://rpms.famillecollet.com/. The specific packages installed
are:

  * `php`,
  * `php-ldap`,
  * `php-mbstring`,
  * `php-mcrypt`,
  * `php-mysqlnd`,
  * `php-pecl-zip`,
  * `php-xml`,

and their dependencies.

The following script will install PHP using the process described above:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-php.bash
----


[[dependencies-other]]
=== Other Assorted Utilities ===

In addition to MariaDB and PHP, the set-up scripts for SWAMP-in-a-Box
download assorted software packages from CentOS's default repositories. The
specific packages installed are:

  * `ant`,
  * `bind-utils`,
  * `curl`,
  * `git`,
  * `httpd`,
  * `libguestfs`,
  * `libguestfs-tools`,
  * `libguestfs-tools-c`,
  * `libvirt`,
  * `mariadb`,
  * `mariadb-server`,
  * `mariadb-libs`,
  * `mod_ssl`,
  * `ncompress`,
  * `patch`,
  * `perl`,
  * `perl-parent`,
  * `python34`,
  * `rubygems`,
  * `unzip`,
  * `xz`,
  * `zip`,

and their dependencies.

The following script will install these packages:

----
<installer-dir>/repos/install-other-deps.bash
----


[[troubleshooting-installing-dependencies]]
Troubleshooting Issues with Installing Dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The SWAMP-in-a-Box setup and install process requires downloading and
installing packages from multiple package repositories. On systems
configured to check for GPG signatures on the repositories' metadata, this
process might fail because not all of the repositories provide GPG
signatures for their metadata. This is indicated by HTTP 404 errors when
attempting to download `repomd.xml.asc` from the repository:

----
http://example.com/.../repomd.xml.asc: [Errno 14] HTTP Error 404 - Not Found
----

These GPG signature checks can be disabled by changing `repo_gpgcheck=1` to
`repo_gpgcheck=0` in the configuration files used by `yum` (you will need
`root` access to modify these files). To locate the configuration files that
contain `repo_gpgcheck=1`, run the following command:

----
grep -lr "repo_gpgcheck=1" /etc/yum.conf /etc/yum.repos.d/
----
