[[obtaining-add-ons]]
[appendix]
Obtaining Additional Tools and Viewers
--------------------------------------


[[about-code-dx]]
Code Dx
~~~~~~~

Through SWAMP's partnership with Code Dx, Inc., a SWAMP-specific version
of Code Dx software has been created to be solely used with SWAMP software.
Code Dx software shall not be redistributed with SWAMP software without
written consent of Code Dx, Inc.

To obtain the SWAMP version of Code Dx, contact Code Dx, Inc. at:

  * sales@codedx.com,
  * +1-631-759-3993, or
  * https://codedx.com/support/?v=7516fd43adaa.

After contacting Code Dx, Inc., you will be asked to agree to an End User's
License Agreement (EULA) with Code Dx, Inc. Once you have agreed to the
EULA, you will receive a download kit from Code Dx, Inc.

Code Dx is third-party software created and maintained by Code Dx, Inc.
Copyright 2010-2019 Code Dx, Inc. All rights reserved.


[[about-codesonar]]
CodeSonar
~~~~~~~~~

SWAMP-in-a-Box can be used with CodeSonar, a deep-path static analysis tool
provided by GrammaTech, Inc. CodeSonar finds cases of undefined behavior
(such as buffer overruns, null pointer dereferences, ...), API Misuse (use
after free, socket API, ...), as well as suspicious behavior (dead code,
unused variables, concurrency violations, taint, ...), and works on source
code and binaries.

Contact information for obtaining CodeSonar and licensing information for
CodeSonar can be found at:

  * sales@grammatech.com,
  * +1-888-695-2668, or
  * https://www.grammatech.com/products/codesonar.

CodeSonar is third-party software created and maintained by GrammaTech, Inc.
Copyright 2019 GrammaTech, Inc. CodeSonar is a registered trademark of
GrammaTech, Inc. All rights reserved.


[[about-parasoft]]
Parasoft C/C++test and Parasoft Jtest
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

SWAMP-in-a-Box can be used with C/C+\+test and Jtest, static analysis and
unit testing tools for C/C\++ and Java development, provided by Parasoft.
Part of Parasoft’s suite of automated software testing tools, these
solutions facilitate software development best practices, rigorous bug
detection, and security vulnerability remediation. Parasoft C/C++test and
Jtest’s static analysis and unit testing technologies bring efficiency to
quality and compliance initiatives. The latest releases improve developer
workflows, with a focus on enhanced environment and embedded support, and
provide enriched dashboards and tracking, to aid users in addressing
vulnerabilities in standards like OWASP, CWE, or achieving MISRA compliance.

Contact information for obtaining C/C+\+test or Jtest and licensing
information for C/C++test or Jtest can be found at:

  * swamp@parasoft.com, and
  * +1-719-424-7907.
