Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34.3
-------------------------------------------

1. A new version of the PHPMD tool for scripting languages (PHP) is 
available: version 2.6.0-swamp. This version includes a custom patch 
for a bug in the tool that prevents assessment of some packages.

2. A new version of the Flow tool for scripting languages (JavaScript) 
is available: version 0.98.0.

3. A new version of the SpotBugs tool for Java is available: version 
3.1.12.

4. A new version of the error-prone tool for Java is available: version 
2.3.1. 

5. A new version of the checkstyle tool for Java is available: version 
8.20.

6. We have improved the performance of the proxy used to connect to 
Code Dx web servers in viewer VMs. 


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34.2
-------------------------------------------

1. We have made improvements to SWAMP's Native Results Viewer. This
includes the ability to filter weaknesses and view weaknesses flagged in 
code.

2. General enhancements and bug fixes, including improvements to 
SWAMP-in-a-Box LDAP/AD integration.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34.1
-------------------------------------------

1. SWAMP-in-a-Box now supports Code Dx version 3.5.5. You must obtain 
Code Dx separately from Code Dx, Inc. Please refer to the SWAMP-in-a-Box 
Administrator Manual for details on how to install Code Dx as an additional 
results viewer. If you have added Code Dx 2.8.3 to an existing
SWAMP-in-a-Box installation, adding Code Dx 3.5.5 will automatically 
replace the older version with Code Dx 3.5.5.

2. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34
-----------------------------------------

1. SWAMP-in-a-Box now supports uploading and assessment of .NET package that 
can be built using msbuild on Linux. SWAMP automatically reviews Solution 
and .NET project files and determines which can be built using a framework 
that does not require windows. You can then select which of those .NET 
projects to assess.

2. We have added three tools for assessment of .NET packages on a Linux 
platform: Code Cracker v1.1.0, devskim 0.1.10, and Security Code Scan 2.7.1. 
These tools are automatically deployed on SWAMP-in-a-Box.

3. GitHub Webhooks can now be configured to update SWAMP packages. when the 
GitHub Webhook is triggered, a new package version will be added to an 
existing SWAMP package. Package parameters are copied from the previous 
package version and used with a new archive of package code cloned from 
GitHub. You can edit Package information to get the Payload URL and set the 
Secret Token needed to configure a GitHub Webhook to the SWAMP.

4. A new schedule is now available for use in all projects. This schedule, 
"On Push" runs assessments whenever a new push to a GitHub repository 
triggers a GitHub Webhook to generate a new Package Version in the SWAMP. 
This schedule works with an assessment for the "latest" version of a Package 
that is configured to update based on a GitHub Webhook trigger.

5. You can now enable assessment of Android Java Source and Android .APK 
packages in SWAMP-in-a-Box. To do so you need to download and install as an 
add-on the Android Ubuntu platform image (it is quite large). When that 
platform is added, the Android Java Source and Android .APK package types 
are enabled. Android specific tools are installed with SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34, 
but they cannot be used for assessments until the Android Ubuntu platform is 
added.

6. SWAMP Packages can now be generated via an External URL that points to a 
downloadable archive.

7. For users who are in multiple projects, associated project is now 
displayed for records on the Package, Assessments, Assessment Results, and 
Scheduled Assessment Runs pages. Additionally, you can specifically set the 
project when adding a new assessments.

8. HT Condor is now configured to preempt an assessment or metric run in 
order to create a slot for a Code Dx viewer run when all slots are in use.

9. An updated version of the Ubuntu Linux version 16.04 platform is now
available and will be automatically installed with SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34.

10. we've updated the platform image files for all SWAMP platforms in order 
to provide a workaround for a bug in guestfish version 1.38 
(https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1661038). SWAMP 1.34 is 
required to run VMs with the new platforms, which have a date in the 
filename of 2019 or later. SWAMP 1.34 is compatible with pre 2019 versions 
of platforms; however, pre 2019 platforms will not currently work with 
guestfish 1.38 (which is distributed with the latest CentOS 7). If you are 
running a SWAMP-in-a-Box in CentOS 7 you should upgrade to SWAMP-in-a-Box 
1.34 and upgrade any additional platforms you have installed as add ons.

11. There is now a script available to restore a database backup (made as 
part of the SWAMP-in-a-Box upgrade process). Please refer to the 
SWAMP-in-a-Box Administrator Guide for details.

12. You can now configure SWAMP-in-a-Box to display a custom welcome message 
on the home page (not signed-in). Please refer to the SWAMP-in-a-Box 
Administrator Guide for details.

13. We have changed the way the web front-end for SWAMP-in-a-Box identifies 
the corresponding web server. Specifically, the web server configured in 
/var/www/html/config/config.json is now a relative path instead of an 
absolute URL. This change affects the way the Java CLI and related SWAMP 
plugins connect to a SWAMP-in-a-Box API. SWAMP plugins have been updated to 
accommodate this change. SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34 will only work with the 
following versions: Java CLI version 1.5.2 or higher; SWAMP Eclipse Plugin 
version 1.1.2 or higher; SWAMP Jenkins Plugin version 1.2.1 or higher. 

14. We have discontinued support for the Ubuntu 10.04 assessment platform. If
you have installed this platform as an add-on, it will be removed when You 
upgrade to SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.34.

15. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.33.4
-------------------------------------------

1. An updated version of the Ubuntu Linux version 16.04 platform is now
available and will be automatically installed with SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.33.4.

2. SWAMP-in-a-Box now automatically re-tries (up to three additional 
times) assessments that finish with an error related to networking. This 
includes assessments for which a VM does not have network connectivity or 
for which OS dependencies cannot be installed. In many cases these 
assessments succeed on the first retry.

3. SWAMP-in-a-Box administrators can now configure which viewer is 
initially selected on the Assessment Results page. When SWAMP-in-a-Box 
1.33.4 is installed, this configuration is set to use the Native Viewer.
Note that this is only applicable if a third-party viewer has been added 
to SWAMP-in-a-Box.

4. Parasoft C/C++test versions 10.3.4 and 10.4.0 can now be added to a 
SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license Parasoft C/C++test and obtain 
either the 32-bit or 64-bit tool archive files separately from Parasoft.

5. Parasoft Jtest versions 10.3.4 and 10.4.0 can now be added to a 
SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license Parasoft Jtest and obtain 
the 64-bit tool archive files separately from Parasoft. 


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.33.2
-------------------------------------------

1. We fixed a bug that caused assessments of Java 7 Source packages using
the Maven, Gradle, or Ant+Ivy build systems to fail. 


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.33.1
-------------------------------------------

1. An updated version of the Ubuntu Linux version 16.04 platform is now
available and will be automatically installed with SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.33.1.
The updated platform no longer tries to update OS dependencies from
less-reliable repositories, which should reduce the frequency with which
assessments fail in the Install OS Dependencies step.

2. We fixed a bug that caused assessments of Ruby packages to fail on the
Assess step.

3. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.33
-----------------------------------------

1. SWAMP-in-a-Box administrators can now configure where the SWAMP web
application's backend stores its log entries. After installing or upgrading
to SWAMP-in-a-Box version 1.33, the web application's backend will create
daily log files in /var/www/swamp-web-server/storage/logs.

The web application's backend can also be configured to make log entries in
the system log, which is where they were made in previous versions of
SWAMP-in-a-Box. Refer to the SWAMP-in-a-Box Reference Manual for details.

2. CentOS and Scientific Linux 7 (32-bit and 64-bit) assessment platforms
are now available for C/C++ packages.

Any versions of GrammaTech CodeSonar and Synopsis Static Analysis (Coverity)
that were previously installed will not work with these new platforms. Refer
to the SWAMP-in-a-Box Administrator Manual for instructions on re-creating
the SWAMP tool archives for these tools and adding them to the SWAMP.

3. Updated versions of the CentOS and Scientific Linux 6.9 (32-bit and
64-bit) assessment platforms are now available for C/C++ packages. If
a CentOS or Scientific Linux 6 platform was previously installed, download
and install these new versions.

4. Code Dx version 2.8.3, a viewer for analyzing the results from
assessments, can now be added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must
obtain Code Dx separately from Code Dx, Inc.

5. To support SWAMP-in-a-Box installations that do not have internet access,
we have updated the tool archive for retire.js version 1.2.10 to include
documentation and scripts for creating a version of the tool archive that
bundles vulnerability data instead of downloading it from the internet for
each assessment.

6. SWAMP-in-a-Box no longer requires that the host be configured with
a timezone of UTC, and the SWAMP-in-a-Box installer and upgrader no longer
modifies the host's timezone.

All dates and times in the SWAMP web application are displayed in the web
browser's local time. All dates and times in log files are in the host's
local time. All dates and times stored with database records are converted
to UTC.

7. SWAMP-in-a-Box now includes a script for checking the health of the
installation. Refer to the Troubleshooting section of the SWAMP-in-a-Box
Administrator Manual for details.

8. SWAMP users can now add a list of paths to files or directories to
exclude from assessments for Python, Ruby, and Web Scripting packages.
For Ruby packages, this does not apply to the tools Dawn and Brakeman,
which do whole program analysis.

9. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.32
-----------------------------------------

1. Parasoft C/C++test version 10.3, a tool for assessing C/C++ packages, can
now be added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license Parasoft
C/C++test and obtain either the 32-bit or 64-bit tool archive files
separately from Parasoft.

2. Parasoft Jtest version 10.3, a tool for assessing Java Source packages,
can now be added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license Parasoft
Jtest and obtain either the 32-bit or 64-bit tool archive files separately
from Parasoft.

3. OWASP Dependency Check version 2.1.1, a tool for assessing Java Source
and Java Bytecode packages, can now be added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box
installation. The tool can be configured to get National Vulnerability
Database information from a server that you set up to retrieve updates on
a periodic basis, or, in cases where SWAMP-in-a-Box runs without internet
access, a version of the tool with static National Vulnerability Database
information can be created and installed. Versions of OWASP Dependency Check
bundled with previous installations of SWAMP-in-a-Box will be removed when
you upgrade.

4. Spotbugs version 3.1.0 is now available for assessing Java Source Code
and Java Bytecode packages. This tool is a fork of Findbugs. When you choose
to run assessments for a Java package using "All" tools, a Spotbugs
assessment will be generated but a Findbugs assessment will not. You can
still specifically select Findbugs to generate a Findbugs assessment.

5. SWAMP now provides support for C/C++ packages that build using autotools
to generate their configure files. "Autotools+Configure+Make" is now
available as a Build System for C/C++ packages.

6. Assessment Completion Notification emails can now be sent from
SWAMP-in-a-Box installations configured to enable outgoing SWAMP emails.

7. We've made improvements to the Native result viewer. Specifically,
results are now spread across multiple pages. Controls are available to set
the number of weaknesses shown on a page and navigate from page to page.

8. CentOS and Scientific Linux 6.9 (32-bit and 64-bit) assessment platforms
are now available. If a CentOS or Scientific Linux 6.7 platform was
previously installed as an add on, we recommend you download and install
these new versions.

9. SWAMP administrators can now stop Condor jobs from the Review Status
page. Assessment and Metric runs are not completed and assigned a status of
Terminated. Viewer runs are stopped without saving the viewer database, so
any changes made in the current viewer session are lost.

10. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.31
-----------------------------------------

1. Synopsis Static Analysis (Coverity), a tool for assessing C/C++ packages,
can now be added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license Synopsis
Static Analysis and obtain either the 32-bit or 64-bit tool archive files
separately from Synopsis, Inc.

2. Documentation for SWAMP-in-a-Box has been reorganized into an
Administrator Manual and a Reference Manual. Each comes as a PDF and HTML
document, which can be found in `/opt/swamp/doc` on the SWAMP-in-a-Box host.

3. New versions of the CentOS and Scientific Linux 6.7 (32-bit and 64-bit)
assessment platforms are available. If any of these platforms was previously
installed as an add on, we recommend you download and install the updated
versions.

4. The CentOS and Scientific Linux 5.11 (32-bit and 64-bit) assessment
platforms are no longer supported. If any of these platforms was previously
installed as an add on, they will be removed as part of the upgrade to
SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.31.

5. Added new versions and/or updates for the following assessment tools:
Checkstyle, error-prone, Findbugs, PMD, and XML Lint.

6. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.30
-----------------------------------------

1. SWAMP-in-a-Box can now be configured to use an LDAP or LDAP-compatible
Active Directory server for managing user accounts.

2. SWAMP-in-a-Box can now be configured to allow GitHub, Google, and CILogon
accounts to be linked to SWAMP user accounts, allowing users to sign into
the SWAMP using their third-party credentials.

3. The GrammaTech CodeSonar tool for assessing C/C++ packages can now be
added to a SWAMP-in-a-Box installation. You must license CodeSonar and
obtain either the 32-bit or 64-bit installers for CodeSonar separately from
GrammaTech, Inc.

4. SWAMP users can now add Application Passwords to their SWAMP accounts.
These passwords can be used with the SWAMP plugins for Eclipse and Jenkins to
allow them to connect to the SWAMP without using the users' main passwords.

5. Java 8 is now the default Java version when creating new Java source and
Java bytecode packages.

6. The SWAMP now uses the "recursive" option to include linked sub-modules
when pulling code from GitHub to create a new package or when adding a new
package version.

7. The Native viewer for assessment results now includes information about
the package, tool, and platform used, along with start and completion times,
for the assessment.

8. SWAMP users can now change their SWAMP username when editing their
profile page.

9. Added new versions and/or updates for the following assessment tools:
Brakeman, Dawn, Reek, RuboCop, and ruby-lint.

10. The SWAMP-in-a-Box install and upgrade scripts now configure the web
server (Apache) to disallow HTTP connections. The SWAMP must be accessed
using HTTPS.

11. The SWAMP-in-a-Box install and upgrade scripts no longer attempt to
configure firewall settings on the host. Required configuration is now
documented in the `README-BUILD-SERVER.md` file that is included with the
SWAMP-in-a-Box installer.

12. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.29
-----------------------------------------

1. Added support for 5 new programming languages: CSS, HTML, JavaScript,
PHP, and XML.

2. Added the following 9 assessment tools for web scripting languages: CSS
Lint, ESLint, Flow, HTML Tidy, JSHint, PHPMD, PHP_CodeSniffer, Retire.js,
and XML Lint.

3. Added new versions and/or updates for the following assessment tools:
Bandit, Flake8, Pylint, checkstyle, OWASP Dependency Check, error-prone,
FindBugs, and PMD.

4. When adding a new package or adding a new version to an existing package,
users have the option to select an archive file from the local file system
or enter an external URL and a checkout argument (branch, tag, or commit)
for a remote Git repository.

5. Improved error reporting for assessment failures. Successful assessment
runs are no longer erroneously reported as having finished with errors.
Assessments that complete with a status of “finished with errors – retry”
can be re-run and should complete successfully.

6. Updated the “Status.out and Debugging SWAMP Failures” document on the
Help page to assist with debugging failed assessments. Failed assessments
now show the contents of the status.out file at the top of the Failed
Assessment Report (by clicking the “! Error” button in the Results column).

7. The statuses shown on the Results page have been updated to better
indicate what is happening as assessment jobs are processed.

8. Minimum hardware requirements have increased to 4 CPU cores and 16 GB of
RAM.

9. General enhancements and bug fixes.


Noteworthy Changes in SWAMP-in-a-Box 1.28.1
-------------------------------------------

1. Added a new assessment tool: OWASP Dependency Check. This tool can be
used to assess Java 7 and 8 Source, and Java 7 and 8 Bytecode packages.

2. Added new versions of the cppcheck assessment tool. Updated the following
assessment tools: Bandit, Clang Static Analyzer, and cppcheck.

3. Updated platform versions and dependencies. All platforms from previous
releases have been deprecated. When upgrading to 1.28.1, existing
assessments will be modified to use the Ubuntu Linux version 16.04 platform.
The new platforms will work without an internet connection unless the
package being assessed requires the internet to build.

4. Added the "Status.out and Debugging SWAMP Failures" document to the Help
page to assist with debugging failed assessment runs.

5. Improved the reporting of assessment error messages in the Failed
Assessment Run Report (accessed by clicking the Error "!" button on an
assessment that finished with errors). Improved the reporting of failed
steps in the status.out file for failed assessment runs (found in the
results.tar.gz archive, downloadable from a Failed Assessment Report).

6. Added the ability to download assessment results in XML format. For
assessments that finished successfully and have at least one weakness, the
weakness count icon on the Assessment Results page is a link to download the
scarf.xml file.

7. Assessments display "default" as the platform if the default platform
will be used to run an assessment. Most supported package types have a
default platform of Ubuntu Linux version 16.04. Only C/C++ package types
allow selecting a platform when adding assessments.

8. The system no longer attempts to re-run a failed assessment, allowing
assessments to finish more quickly.
